Website English version

Title: Green Mountain E-trading 
One-sentence summary：With technology, we discover a new way of digital marketing and increase overall experience 

Contact us:
Interested in us? Please don’t hesitate to reach out.
Email, phone number, address and website.

Six highlights:
	Touchable, HD touchscreen
	App customization service: personalized content and structure
	Advertising platform: high exposure and consumer reach 
	Low-cost
	Professional team
	Meet diverse requirements

Four features:
Superior than tradition, technology driven, lower cost, higher efficiency

Our advantages:
	App customization service: 
	Personalized content and structure that meet clients’ marketing needs
	Professional template that streamline designing process and eliminate time spending.
	Personalized area: satisfy diverse clients’ needs 
	Professional and responsible supporting team, passionate in helping clients towards success and improving business relationships

	Advertising platform: 
	Place in populated area which maximizes exposure and consumer reach.
	Designated advertisement for specific target segment, which appeals to them better
	Low-cost and affordable pricing strategy
	Superior than traditional advertising: better connection between merchants and consumers; interactive and impactive

Scenarios:
	Restaurants: Display menus, recommended dishes, customer reviews, restaurant gallery and etc.
	Bubble tea shop：Display limited offers, popular drinks, other locations and etc.
	Shopping mall: mall and store map, mall-round promotions.
	Park: Introduction, map, introduction of surrounded area.
	Educational institution: map, upcoming event.
	Airport: Plane and travel information.
	Supermarket: weekly promotions.
	Hotel: Gallery, travel and agency information, where-to-go.
	Cinema: what is playing, coming soon, movie information and etc.

Digital signage features:
Intelligent, applicable, secured and reliable, multiple add-on features

About us:
We are a Vancouver-based, technology driven, digital marketing company. We own a passionate and experienced team with capabilities and resources.
Our vision is to increase marketing efficiency through the use of technology. We hope to change the traditional model of displaying advertisement and change consumers’ habits of receiving information towards the goals of building greater values.
We wish to help clients discover and meet marketing needs through our platform, in which to better connect between merchants and consumers, in the hope of maximizing advertising and promoting efforts, to increase the overall experience of merchants and consumers.
We hope to lead this industry to move into a new technology era and transform into technology-driven promoting and advertising strategies to reach  unprecedented communicating success.
